# My processs for CI (hypothetical)

This hypothetical team project will have been written in Python and will run on the Flask framework. For linting, we will use Black formatter and iSort. While Pylint seems like a good option, I've read it's too trigger happy sometimes and that can slow down production while possibly not adding much more reliability. For testing, we will use PyTest as it offers small tests that can be scaled up and build into our CI pipeline. The syntax is also very simple and almost similar to what I've experienced in the JS world with Jest. While self-hosted options, such as Jenkins, and cloud-options, such as Github Actions, exists, they're not the only competitors. From what I read in regards to PyTest, I see that it integrates nicely with CircleCI, another cloud-based service. It really depends on what you're going for. Github Actions tends to be a cheaper alternative to CircleCI. The latter offers better performance, is constantly releasing new testing features, and has better monitoring tools for deployment. They also offer self-hoste options. The choice then gets narrowed down to what we're doing. Say my application is a large team application that needs more hardware and specialised tools, then I would suggest using a self-hosted option as it allows for more precise config to this edge-case of an app. It also provides better hardware and could be more cost-effective. If the app is a smaller team, and we don't have a code wizard as a DevOps engineer, we could go with a cloud-based option. Cloud-based offers simpler config and easier use. The only issue is the money we'd save on not having a wizard DevOps eng, is used on paying for the service as cloud-based tends to be more expensive. 
